taxis/welcome/WelcomeServiceGrpc.java
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$1
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceBlockingStub
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceFutureStub
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceImplBase
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceStub
alessio_la_greca_990973/commons/Commons.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.commons.Commons
alessio_la_greca_990973/simulator/Buffer.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.simulator.Buffer
alessio_la_greca_990973/client/AdministratorClient.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.client.AdministratorClient
 alessio_la_greca_990973.client.AdministratorClient$1
alessio_la_greca_990973/simulator/Simulator.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.simulator.Simulator
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/SmartCity.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.SmartCity
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/fortaxi/datas/TaxiReplyToJoin.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.fortaxi.datas.TaxiReplyToJoin
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/threads/BatteryManager.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.threads.BatteryManager
taxis/recharge/MutualExclusionBatteryStationService.java
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$1
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationReply
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationReply$1
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationReply$Builder
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationReplyOrBuilder
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationRequest
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationRequest$1
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationRequest$Builder
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationRequest$District
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationRequest$District$1
 taxis.recharge.MutualExclusionBatteryStationService$RechargeStationRequestOrBuilder
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/threads/BatteryRequest.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.threads.BatteryRequest
Main.java
 Main
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/threads/BatteryListener.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.threads.BatteryListener
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/forclient/TaxiStatistic.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.forclient.TaxiStatistic
alessio_la_greca_990973/simulator/Measurement.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.simulator.Measurement
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/example/SubscriberExample.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.example.SubscriberExample
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.example.SubscriberExample$1
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/fortaxi/datas/TaxiServerRepresentation.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.fortaxi.datas.TaxiServerRepresentation
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/fortaxi/ClientRestService.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.fortaxi.ClientRestService
alessio_la_greca_990973/client/ClientExample.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.client.ClientExample
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/District.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.District
alessio_la_greca_990973/simulator/PM10Simulator.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.simulator.PM10Simulator
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/pollution_simulator/PollutionSimulatorThread.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.pollution_simulator.PollutionSimulatorThread
alessio_la_greca_990973/seta/RideRequestThread.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.seta.RideRequestThread
ride/request/RideRequestMessageOuterClass.java
 ride.request.RideRequestMessageOuterClass
 ride.request.RideRequestMessageOuterClass$1
 ride.request.RideRequestMessageOuterClass$RideRequestMessage
 ride.request.RideRequestMessageOuterClass$RideRequestMessage$1
 ride.request.RideRequestMessageOuterClass$RideRequestMessage$Builder
 ride.request.RideRequestMessageOuterClass$RideRequestMessageOrBuilder
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/rpcservices/WelcomeServiceImpl.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.rpcservices.WelcomeServiceImpl
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/example/TaxiExample.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.example.TaxiExample
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/pollution_simulator/MyBuffer.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.pollution_simulator.MyBuffer
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/Taxi.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.Taxi
taxis/recharge/WelcomeServiceGrpc.java
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$1
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceBlockingStub
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceFutureStub
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceImplBase
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.recharge.WelcomeServiceGrpc$WelcomeServiceStub
taxis/recharge/RechargeRequestServiceGrpc.java
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$1
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$RechargeRequestServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$RechargeRequestServiceBlockingStub
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$RechargeRequestServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$RechargeRequestServiceFutureStub
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$RechargeRequestServiceImplBase
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$RechargeRequestServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 taxis.recharge.RechargeRequestServiceGrpc$RechargeRequestServiceStub
alessio_la_greca_990973/seta/Seta.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.seta.Seta
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/fortaxi/datas/TaxiRegisteredOnTheServer.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.fortaxi.datas.TaxiRegisteredOnTheServer
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/fortaxi/TaxiRestService.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.fortaxi.TaxiRestService
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/TaxiMain.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.TaxiMain
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/threads/IdleThread.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.threads.IdleThread
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.threads.IdleThread$1
taxis/welcome/WelcomeTaxiService.java
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$1
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$NewTaxiPresentation
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$NewTaxiPresentation$1
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$NewTaxiPresentation$Builder
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$NewTaxiPresentationOrBuilder
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$OldTaxiPresentation
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$OldTaxiPresentation$1
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$OldTaxiPresentation$Builder
 taxis.welcome.WelcomeTaxiService$OldTaxiPresentationOrBuilder
alessio_la_greca_990973/smart_city/taxi/TaxiTaxiRepresentation.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.smart_city.taxi.TaxiTaxiRepresentation
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/AdministratorServer.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.AdministratorServer
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/forclient/TaxiStatisticWithTimestamp.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.forclient.TaxiStatisticWithTimestamp
alessio_la_greca_990973/server/fortaxi/datas/statistics/TaxiStatisticsPacket.java
 alessio_la_greca_990973.server.fortaxi.datas.statistics.TaxiStatisticsPacket
